<h1>Module CSC3054/7054</h1><h1>Web and Mobile App Development: Team based project</h1>
<h2>Project guideline</h2><b>Submission date: completed software and project report should be submitted on or before (no later than) 16:00, 26th March, 2015</b><ol><li><b>Aims</b></li>This team based project is assessed. This is an open-ended project that provides students with an opportunity to increase their knowledge and understanding, and to enhance the skills in mobile and web app development. This project also allows students to consolidate and practise the knowledge, understanding and application that they have gained in the classes. Students are permitted to take any project as long as they can justify that the project to be taken is closely relevant to the contents of the course module, e.g. Android app or mobile web development.<li><b>Learning outcomes</b></li>    <ul>    <li>Knowledge</li>        <ul>        <li>A range of IT tools and software packages required for the project</li></ul>            <li>Skills</li>        <ul>        <li>To work in a task oriented team</li>        <li>To use computers properly and develop appropriate software for the specifiedtask</li>        <li>To apply suitable human computer interface techniques</li>        <li>To prepare and deliver documentations for the project/task</li>        </ul>            <li>Understanding</li>        <ul>        <li>Analysis of a real-world problem</li>        <li>Development of a fully working software solution</li>        <li>Collecting materials and references for real-world problem solving</li>        </ul>    </ul>    <li><b>Key indicators</b></li>    <ul>    <li>A team of 5 or less students</li>    <li>Use of object oriented programming languages, such as Java or C++</li>    <li>Provision of a working software solution with appropriate documentations</li>    <li>Peer assessment to your team members</li>        <ul>        <li>To provide a score, for example, 20 out of 30</li>        <li>To report the disagreement if there is any</li>        <li>To explain in detail why this score is given</li>        </ul>    </ul>    <li><b>Suggested procedure of conducting a team based project</b></li>    <ul>    <li>To form a group or team of 5 or less people and then select a team leader</li>    <li>To generate a project title and related project description</li>    <li>To plan project activities and organise activities as appropriately</li>    <li>To allocate tasks to individuals in the group</li>    <li>To provide feedback to each other in the team</li>    <li>To organise system integration for the system delivery</li>    <li>To revise and improve the prototype</li>    <li>To write up a report to explain how the project is handled, how the codes are implemented, and what is the outcome of the project (using images to illustrate, etc.)</li>    <li>To submit the project software with its technical report</li>    <li>To submit peer assessment results of each team member according to theircontributions to the project design and implementation</li>    </ul><li><b>Project submission</b></li>    <p>Please try to attend the allocated practical sessions over the coming weeks and use these time slots for the project implementation. Before submitting your work, please test the generated project on an Android platform (e.g. Android tablet or mobile phone) thoroughly and add appropriate comments to the programs. Please note that if you are using an Apple device, please make sure the developed application has also been tested on an Android device.</p><p>The leader of each team will be required to (1) submit the project title, project description and team members to the email address: h.zhou@qub.ac.uk before 16:00, 24th February, 2015, and (2) submit the entire project codes, a consolidated peer assessment report and a word document to explain what has been done in the programs in a zip file to the email address: h.zhou@qub.ac.uk before 16:00 on Tuesday, 26th March, 2015. An oral presentation/demo will be arranged as soon as you have submitted your project (details will be coming soon).</p><p>Project submission emails should be conducted through your QUB account and from on the campus network. Any submissions received through other email accounts will NOT be accepted. For project submission emails, the subject file must commence with: CSC3054/7054 - project. The first line of the body of the email should include your name, student number, and module code.</p><p>Check that it is submitted on, or before, the specified or agreed due date. Late submissions will only be accepted in exceptional circumstances or where a deferment has been granted in advance in line with the University policies and regulations; otherwise, score deduction will be applied.</p><p><b>Please note that if you want to do something similar to another project (e.g. a final year project or a project of another course module), make sure that there is at least 50% difference between the technical contribution of the current project and that of the other project. Failing to distinguish this difference will result in significant score reduction of the current project. On the other hand, any plagiarism case will lead to a zero mark for the project, following the University policies and regulations.</b></p><li><b>Marking scheme</b></li><p>Your score depends on how well your software solution meets the following requirements:</p>    <ul>    <li>A working and maintainable software for your project – <font color="red">20 marks</font></li>    <ul>    <li>To evaluate whether or not your program is good enough, please see: http://www.dwheeler.com/oss_fs_eval.html</li>    <li>Functionality: does the program do what you want it to do?    <li>Cost: does your program need too many commercialised software tools to support?</li>    <li>Maintenance: is your program easy to be maintained or updated?</li>    <li>Reliability: is there any leak in the program that causes potential problems in program execution?</li>    <li>Performance: try different circumstance and see if this works.</li>    <li>Scalability: does your program handle different size of data?</li>    <li>Usability: is your application useful to the community?</li>    <li>Flexibility/customisability: can your program handle an unusual circumstancethat is not expected in an ideal environment?</li>    <li>Easy to operate and friendly graphic interface</li>    </ul>        <br>    <li>A clearly and well written document to explain the above programs – <font color="red">5 marks</font></li>    <ul>    <li>Maximum pages: 10 (from introduction to references). Font: Times New Roman, 11 or larger.</li>    <li>Contents of the document: please follow the style/format given in Appendix 1 that has been given on: http://www.ece.rutgers.edu/~marsic/Teaching/SE1/report1.html. Please note that due to the space limit, you will have to use a compact version of “report 1.html” shown in Appendix 1 and generate your own document.</li>    <li>An exemplar report is enclosed in the same folder.</li>    </ul>    <br>    <li>Extra contributions – <font color="red">5 marks</font></li>    <ul>    <li>Students can choose whatever they like and then implement it for their project. Note that the extra contributions must demonstrate their relevance to the module and appear to be competent and beyond the state of the art technology.</li>    </ul></ul></ol>